socialize outside of work so interest you you do want to socialize with
your wardrobe of I've always found that because you are one ship won
T. one one zero so my father's record recollections from five thirty
years for all of the four ships one zero and we would go up we have
a large party back in the day and also we would we were under way
it affords we would all the pretty much would the wardroom you you're
really tight with your wardrobe now there would be official ships
functions where you know the division with our party we we would have
division Christmas parties on the on the bigger ships you you'd
have multiple parties there or the department to get together so I decided
to I will say one one thing a one really likes having to go to
a party being directed to go to a party so if I was the senior officer
at the parties would arrive first arrive on time schedule phone
but also the first and what the crew party so it's it's about them
you know you never want to be seen for all the work for you during the
day you know let them have their time off and it's so that's a that's
a delicate balance that you have to form